# webpack-basics
This branch deals with the creation of seperate webpack config file (not with the terminal commands that we used before )
Webpacks has 4 important things to be dealt with

1) Entry 
2) Output
3) Module Loaders
4) Plugin

Entry
-----

Entry is actually a starting point of webpack from where it should start procesing.
The number of entry points is not limited to single file.(controry to what we use in build script of package.json)
There can be many entry points(may be one for js, another for css and so)

Output
------

Output is the point where webpack finally output the completely processed file(s).
By conventional, we bundle the output file as bundle.js in dist folder(distribution)
As same as entry, the output point is not limited to one file.
When there is multiple entry points, there should be the same number of output files

Basically output is a json object which has the properties like path,filename and publicPath

    path
    ----
    Path is the directory structure of the output files (Ex : webpack/dist)
    Also, the path should be absolute unlike entry has a relative path.
    This is because entry is served form the webpack.config.js whereas the output path needs to create the file for us right there and has to write for us

    filename
    --------
    This is simply the output filename that you wish to see

    publicPath
    ----------
    Webpack wants to know from which directory we want to pick the bundle.js from.
    publicPath is the path which by defaut points to "/".
    So, when we left that intact, it points to "/" instead of "dist" folder.
    So, make that point to "dist" folder or any suitable folder that you wish


Module
------

Module is simply a every import that we have.
We simply split our code as seperate modules for our convenience
We have successfully bundled every js files using entry property.
The same way we have to bundle css files, there is where loaders comes into play.

Loaders
-------

Webpack by itself only knows javascript, so when we want it to pack any other type of resources like .css or .scss or .ts, webpack needs help in order to compile and bundle those non-javascript types of resources.
 
Loaders are the node-based utilities built for webpack to help webpack to compile and/or transform a given type of resource that can be bundled as a javascript module.

css-loader is the npm module that would help webpack to collect CSS from all the css files referenced in your application and put it into a string.

And then style-loader would take the output string generated by the above css-loader and put it inside the <style> tags in the index.html file.

So we have to import all the css files into the app.js file(as it may sound weird as to why one has to import css files into js rather than to html.
This is only to let webpack know there is something which is needed to bundle)

Lets see the properties

    rules
    -----
    It is an array of object which makes sense when you have multiple type of files to bundled.

    test
    ----
    It can be  basically regex to sort out the particular file types

    loader
    ------
    If you are using only one loader, you can use loader property

    use
    ---
    If you have multiple loaders, you may want to use "use" which is an array
    One pitfall here is that use always takes the loader files in reverse order.
    One have to be very careful while inserting the order of loaders

Plugins
-------

Plugins may sound same as module.
But it is entirely different.
Plugin what actually does is that it takes the all processed files(which are yet to be outputted) and perform some common action like minifying the code and various other stuffs